Allow the use of multiple status banners (#2747)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

## v1.3.0

* MapboxCoreNavigation can now be installed using Swift Package Manager. ([#2771](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2771))

> * The CarPlay guidance panel now shows lane guidance. ([#1885](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/1885))

Reviewer: This change looks like a bad merge; can you revert it? Thanks!

* The CarPlay guidance panel now shows lane guidance. ([#1885](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/1885))
* Fixed an issue where lane guidance icons would indicate the wrong arrow for certain maneuvers. ([#2796](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2796)) 
* Fixed a crash showing a junction view. ([#2805](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2805))

> * Refactored `StatusView.swift` to allow the to use of multilpe status banners. Statuses can be added with `addNewStatus(status:)` and hidden with `hideStatus(using:)`. ([#2747](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2747))

Reviewer: Let’s focus on the API change as it affects developers and remove the implementation details:

```suggestion
* `NavigationViewController` can now manage multiple status banners one after another. Renamed the `NavigationViewController.showStatus(title:spinner:duration:animated:interactive:)` method to `NavigationViewController.show(_:)` and added a corresponding `NavigationViewController.hide(_:)` method. Renamed the `NavigationStatusPresenter.showStatus(title:spinner:duration:animated:interactive:)` method to `NavigationStatusPresenter.show(_:)` and added a `NavigationStatusPresenter.hide(_:)` method. ([#2747](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2747))
```
